
Our project is named Graph Algorithm Visualizer. In this project, we create a dynamic web application that 
is locally hosted and run on a server created using Apache Tomcat. With this project, we use a JSP file
that allows for us to insert java code into the html file for the web application. With this, we create an
interface for a user to select a certain graph algorithm, and execute it on a graph with 12 vertices and 
randomly generated directed edges (these are drawn as lines since Java has no functionality I could find to
create arrows and the math proved to be quite complicated to calculate coorindates). Then, we execute either 
BFS, DFS, or Dijkstra on a weighted, directed graph in a JPanel using the Java Swing package. In the execution, 
the graph is drawn as black and as a node is considered it turns red. Additionally, we color edges as red as we 
execute the graph traversal, which in DFS occurs one edge at a time and in BFS occurs layer by layer. 

From the deliverable, this project is categorized as an implementation project. For our categories, we used graphs
and graph algorithms, clearly seen in the code implementations. Additionally, we used some basic tools from the 
Internet category, such as seeing how html interacts with java, setting up a server to run the code on,
and locally hosting the dynamic web application that is created.

For our graph input assumptions, we assume all positive edge weights and for possible future steps we would consider 
adding animation that showed the weight of each edge in the execution of Dijkstra's. As such, currently the Dijkstra's
execution shows the order in which vertices are visited, marking the shortest paths, but does not actually list out
what the length of the path is (since the graph is randomly generated).

When reproducing this code to run the program, Eclipse Java EE Developer Tools, Eclipse Java Web Developer Tools, and 
Eclipse Web Developer Tools, along with JST Server Adapters need to be installed. Then, I have Apache Tomcat 9.0 
installed with eclipse to create the server to run this program. This online tutorial 
https://www.vogella.com/tutorials/EclipseWTP/article.html should give most of the setup information if this
program does not work out of the box.